[Music]
remember that network, which is the only
case in the history of television that there has
been a civil war, program
against programs, tomorrow against tonight,
then I'm going by car to the promotions when
Telecinco was broadcasting its success on the network,
each program
greetings to everyone, handsome men and beautiful, I'm
listening,
a kiss, the same thing, cloth is going to send an
audio, Enrique Enrique, now I'll put it
cloth
How they have become YouTubers and have
started buying new cameras,
eh, to go out Best seen on
YouTube for the previous one and the next one and the next one and the next one and
that was
cut and it was cut by the palm, damn
Rocito's inheritance, well that will change.
So now in case he hesitates, either he
goes to Italy and retires, which he could
do, or he says, well, let's
redo all this, then they're going to have to
do it, formats, he
has that nonsense, it was The
sad network is now delighted, it is
happy, it laughs every day seeing the
ratings, it's that Telecinco does not stop
falling and the sad network does not stop
rejoicing every day, Antena 3
has been destroying it for 11 months now
giving them a good time when before there is no
video of Antonio today there is a
live broadcast of Antonio David at 10 at
10 there is a live broadcast of Antonio David and
all of them with him it was
worth Telecinco Because in addition to that
chaining, he did it very much,
this escape saga arrived And that is what Crackle has done with
Rocio has been the worst thing that has
happened to them until when Ana Rosa returns now,
well we will see what she does on her
program and then we will see what system
of chaining programs we also do not
know a program that has held up which was
the morning and another that has
sunk which is the afternoon then they will
do something but come on I think that Rocío
Flores has more job security
than a minister of Sánchez but already since
this week at least in the afternoon they
are positioning themselves
So they will do something but come on I think
that Rocío Flores has more
job security than a minister of Sánchez
but already since this week she has more
job security with Sánchez's minister
at least in the afternoon they are
positioning themselves to make a vacuum to the
other programs and other collaborators
who do not have the same opinion
they have returned chaining but there will
be no critic of  television as
formal as Alberto doctor he says Well there are
others I don't know yesterday the
preferences let's see if they kick him out of the
vanguard
abusers
[Music]
Isabel over here eh And yesterday they made
very serious insinuations that she
should sue because they talked about her
past and her jobs in certain
environments Federico who
made insinuations and as a judge And yesterday they
made very serious situations that she
should because they talked about her past
and her jobs in certain
environments Federico that they
believe that this is still common
and that they can say whatever they want and that's
over they won't understand it when they
see themselves in the dock and already with a
sentence and it's over it takes a year at most
then maybe someone will reconsider
Well he should be ashamed to have
a criminal organization according to the
police directing the star program
of the network that is also
crashing it on top of that
let's see look at a coherence
Antonio David is kicked out of Sálvame de la
fábrica de la tele and the
decision is spread it is spread
throughout Mediaset
when he has been investigated for three
years and is innocent
because the network continues decides to continue
working  with a production company that is
fully charged, even
the owners are charged as
individuals, but it's not that they are charged, it's that it is
known that they have committed the facts. I
mean, I don't need to wait,
look, I am, I am a defender of the
presumption of innocence, but I give a
[ __ ],
one thing is being a defender
of the presumption of innocence and
another thing is being an idiot, you know, I
mean, these are things, these are facts that
guys have committed, it just doesn't make sense to me, I
mean, there are a lot of recordings there, there are a
lot of rascals because otherwise I don't
understand it exactly,
great clip, great click, Thanks
for sending it to me.
[Music]